---
title: 'Certified Information System Auditor (CISA)'
excerpt: '*** CURSO EM INGLÊS ***  For Cyber Security professionals who are interested in the field of audit, the Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) certification by ISACA is the leading credential to achieve. In order to face the dynamic requirements of meeting enterprise vulnerabili'
coverImage: '/assets/blog/posts/certified-information-system-auditor-cisa.jpg'
date: '2020-11-03T03:00:00.000Z'
author:
  name: Joe Haddad
  picture: '/assets/blog/authors/joe.jpeg'
ogImage:
  url: '/assets/blog/posts/certified-information-system-auditor-cisa.jpg'
download:
  url: 'magnet:?xt=urn:btih:A3B39AEB1DEB54ACAA19BE31A917DE07F1C068E7&dn=Certified%20Information%20System%20Auditor%20-%20CISA&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.openbittorrent.com%3a1337%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.opentrackr.org%3a1337%2fannounce'
tags: ['ti']
---
<h2>Descrição</h2>
<p></p><p>*** CURSO EM INGLÊS ***</p><p>For Cyber Security professionals who are interested in the field of audit, the Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) certification by ISACA is the leading credential to achieve. In order to face the dynamic requirements of meeting enterprise vulnerability management challenges, this course covers the auditing process, in-depth, to ensure that you have the ability to analyze the state of your organization and make changes where needed.<br/>Prior to taking this online CISA class, it is recommended that candidates have a minimum of five years of experience in IS audit, control, assurance, or security.<br/>What is CISA?</p><p>CISA stands for Certified Information Systems Auditor and is a certification that is granted by the Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA). It is the most recognized credential for IS audit control, assurance, and security professionals. It is designed for audit managers, IT auditors, security professionals, and consultants.<br/>What is Involved in this online CISA Course?</p><p>Our CISA online training class provides you with all the knowledge you need to become an information systems auditor and to pass the CISA exam for certification. The course is a comprehensive study of the auditing process including:</p><ul><li>Auditing Information Systems Process</li><li>Protection of Information Assets</li><li>Governance and Management of IT</li><li>Acquisition, Development, and Implementation</li><li>Operations, Maintenance, and Support</li></ul><p>While there are no prerequisites for this CISA course, it is suggested that you have previous experience in IS audit, control, assurance, or security, as previous professional experience is required to become certified.<br/>Why Get CISA Certification?</p><p>Employees who are CISA certified are seen as knowledgeable, with skills including ensuring compliance, managing vulnerabilities, and instituting control. Additionally, benefits of achieving CISA certification include:</p><ul><li>Automatic marketing of your expertise</li><li>Globally recognized as an IS audit professional</li><li>Increases value to the organization</li><li>Provides a competitive advantage over peers in the industry</li><li>Shows that candidates possess a high professional standard through ISACA’s requirements for continuing education</li><li>Demonstrates the tactical skill required to successfully complete the exam</li><li>Credibility in the industry</li><li>Well-above average salary<br/>What Jobs Are CISA Certified Professionals Qualified to Do?<br/>The primary role of the information technology auditor is to ensure that there are no situations of unnecessary spending, fraud, or noncompliance with federal regulations and governmental laws.</li></ul><p>While it is not an exhaustive list, CISA certification holders may be hired for the positions listed below:</p><ul><li>IT Audit Manager</li><li>Internal Auditor</li><li>Cybersecurity professional</li><li>IT Consulting</li><li>Privacy Officer</li><li>IT Risk and Assurance Manager</li><li>PCI Security Specialist<br/>What Are the Requirements for CISA Certification?<br/>To earn a CISA certification, candidates must pass the CISA test with a score of at least 450 (out of a possible 800) and have at least five years of professional experience in information systems auditing, assurance, control, or security. It’s required that the previous experience must have been within the last ten years preceding the application date for certification.<br/>The CISA exam consists of 150 multiple choice questions, for which you have four hours (240 minutes) to complete. The exam questions cover 5 domains:</li><li>Information System Auditing Process (21%)</li><li>Governance and Management of IT (17%)</li><li>Information Systems Acquisition, Development, and implementation (12%)</li><li>Information Systems Operation and Business Resilience (23%)</li><li>Protection of Information Assets (27%)<br/>The CISA exam is offered three times a year – June, September, and December – so it’s important to schedule your test ahead of time. Once successfully passed, your certification will be valid for five years, and then must be reestablished by meeting certain requirements.</li></ul><p>Cybrary offers a CISA study guide to aid in your review for the exam. You can find more information about the exam, scheduling the exam, and maintaining certification on the ISACA website.</p><h2>Informações</h2><p>Gênero: TI<br/>Formato: MP4<br/>Idioma: Português<br/>Tamanho: 2.66 GB<br/>Servidor: Torrent</p>